## Comprehensive Writing
> TPO32 comprehensive writing
In the reading passage, the writer gives 3 possible explanations about the source of the strange sounds named "quackers", which seemed to be moving fastly and could't be detected by sonar, documented by Russian submarine sailors patrolling the North Atlantic and Arctic Ocean during the 1960s and 1980s. However, the speaker contradicts each of these ideas, and she has given the following reasons.<br>
To begin with, the reading material mentions that the sound may be actually the calls of ocra whales. Ocras inhabited the patrolling area at that time, and female orcas use the sounds which are similar to those that the submarines were detecting, when attempting to attract a male. However, the speaker points out that the ocra whales lives near the surface of the ocean, while the submarine dived deep in to the sea, so that the sounds were not expected to be hear. And whales were ought to be detected by sonar when swimming nearby.<br>
What's more, the hypothesis that the sound was produced by giant squid is also opposed. It's true that the soft body of the squid makes them difficult to be seeked by the sonar. Nonetheless, the quackers disappeared totally after 1980's, while the giant squid has actively inhabited the place hitherto. If the giant squid emiited the sounds, then it should be heard now.<br>
Finally, the military submarine may be responsible for the quackers, as some specifically designed technology might have the ability to protect the submarine from being detected by sonar, according to the reading passage. Nevertheless, the submarine is not enabled to move with such astonishing agility even now, let alone those at that time. Moreover, the submarine could not avoid the engine noise, which is not heared by the sailors together with the strange sounds. Because of the technology deficient of constructing a submarine that fast and that silent, the hypothesis is untenable.<br>
## Independent Writing
> Should the government focus more on preserving natural environment and less on economic development?
Conflict will arise whenever official decisions are be to made regarding the environment and the economy. Both of them are interrelated with the foundamental interests of the mankind. Many believes that the priority of the economic development should superior that of preserving the natrual environment, while others deny the opinion and think it more eccential for the government to protect the earth rather than develop the economy.<br>
Admittedly, economy plays a vital role in the operation of a country, and the prosper of economy usually means the enrichment of people's lives. Thriving economy brings more job opportunities, superior living conditions in large houses, better medical conditions, etc, all of which are expected to tremendously benefit people's daily lives. For example, the economic development of my country, China, brings giganic changes of our daily routine, making our lives much more colorful that those of our parents. As for one of the basic aspects, eating, we can now enjoy sufficient and various delicious food made of precious ingredients, whereas our fathers and grandfathers could merely feed on rice soup and vegetable to sustain themselves. Needless to say, economic promotion is expected to be profitable for the government and us civilians.<br>
However, the over development of economy despite the preservation of natrual environment could sometimes be indeed detrimental, which may in turn harm the economy itself along with the common people. The resulting pollution damage our health, deplete our working efficiency, even diminish the developmental potential. For instance, the air pollution in Beijing is too severe to withstand, as it can easily devastate one's health if breath in too much toxic air with PM2.5. As a result, Beijing government has to take measures to control the pollution, causing the pause of the economic development to some extent. With regard to the extra cost on medical care, the fast development of economy seems to be of low-efficiency in enhancing the civilian lives.<br>
Moreover, the conservation of the evironment has the capability to provoke the development of economy as well, as some new ways of sustainable development have arised now. For example, the recycling of the waste instead of burning them directly can not only emit less noxious air but also help the useless garbage transform to some helpful substance. Sustainable economy can be a long term way that simultaneously profits these seemingly controversive two ideas.<br>