In the reading passage, the writer claims that the elephant-sized edmontosaur, survived the winter by migrating south where the temperature is more moderate. The speaker, however, contradicts this view for the following 3 reasons.<br>
To begin with, the reading material mentions that the edmontosaur's diet supports the migration hypothesis, as those beasts fed on vegetation exclusively. Because of the probable sustenance shortage in the chilling and dark North Slope winter, they have to travel south to seek for food. Nonetheless, the speaker challenges this idea, pointed out that the North region at that time was much warmer than today, and the constant sun light in the summer made it a perfect place for plants to grow and propagate. And in winter, the nutrient tissue of the dead plants were also qualified to sustain the edmontosaur herds.<br>
What's more, it is true that the edmontosaur lived in herd, which could benefit their migration feature, helping them coordinate, for example. However, as the speaker states, living in herd does not certainly mean the migration. It also helps animals establish extra protection from their predators. For instance, a kind of elk settled in western United States now lives in herd too, but they don't migrate.<br>
Finally, the writer points out that edmonosaurs were physically capable of migrating long distances. Their biological construction enabled them to migrate about 1,600 kilometers southward at about 45 kilometers per hour speed. Nevertheless, those young edmontosaurs could not make it. With regard to the fact that these juveniles would not be left behind, they might greatly slow the herd, and thus made the migration hypothesis unconvincing.