# Comprehensive Writing
In the reading passage, the writer claims that the zebra mussel, a freshwater shellfish native to Easter Europe and is transported to North America by human activities, is likely to 
dominate the native habitats there. The speaker, however, contradicts this view for the following three reasons</br>
To begin with, the reading material mentions the spreading history of zebra mussel to indicate that such status will probably reappear. It depicts that the zebra mussel spreaded to the whole of Europe by the early 19th century, so that it is expected that the zebra mussel will soon colonize North America as well. However, the lecturer challenges this idea by pointed out that our people at that age lack knowledge, thus neglecting the protection from creature invasion. As effective ways can be taken now, for example, releasing the ballast water that carries zebra mussel to the salt water which is lethal for these mussels, people nowadays acquire the capablity to prevent the intrusion.<br>
What's more, it is true that the zebra mussel has no predators in the new habitat, according to the reading passage, and species without predators are of highly possibility to dominate the habitat. However, the speaker believes that as we can learn from the circumstance in Europe before, the situation will not last for long. The birds are likely to change their habit, eating these mussels as new food. <br>
Finally, the writer points out that zebra mussels may affect local fish negatively, as mussels are believed to compete for food with plankton eaters. Nonetheless, thanks to the mussels' contribution to the water nutrition.some other fish species are likely to take advantage of the mussels. Such feature is significantly advantageous for the bottom-feeding fish species.